I see which of you dares to touch him
Brother, I was wrong.
I was wrong grandma
Forgive mom
Mr. Gao, if there is no problem
You can sign the contract
Don't worry, no strings attached.
Congratulations on tolerance
Mr. Gao
Can't stay in such a small office
Yeah, let's get a bigger one.
Change to a bigger one
Is that true?
Why is it like a dream?
Thank you, wife.
Come and sit down and eat
You did all this.
Of course, Mr. Gao
You know it all
Yeah I made you
Stop bragging
It must be that my performance is good.
And you know what?
Without the high price, I would have gone bankrupt two years ago
Of course I know.
The high-priced gang
Insatiable idle waste
Sooner or later it will end
Thank you for all this time.
Okay
Are you really willing to do so much for me?
Hey, I'm your husband
Protecting you is natural
But you stinky boy
Secretly married without my consent
Oops grandpa, listen to me explain